# aicompliance
NEXT GENERATION ID DATA BANKING AI COMPLIANCE SYSTEM
Private banking space close platform high security biometric authorisation
Very kind of you for your time, we hope you feel great and healthy.
We are a couple of ITALIAN entrepreneurs who, starting from may 2019 with the help of our IT team in KERALA, INDIA, have carried out the project of NEXT GENERATION ID BANKING GLOBAL PERSONAL APPLICATION SYSTEM with the aim of guaranteeing maximum Banking individual security, centralizing and simplifying the control of governments and its key institutions. We live in UAE - Dubai The Palm, we Own 2 companies, one free zone for asset management and one main land company in Abu Dhabi for investment development, Waste to energy, housing and health. In regard of this project EBISBANK, NEXT GENERATION ID BANKING DATA SYSTEM, we consider to set up a new company bespoke for AI TECHNOLOGIES, and find a funding partner to support the development and implementation of this system. We are glad to introduce to you EBIS (Ethic Biometrics Intelligence System). The Project EBISBANK  aim to become the next generation banking platform on which the global system  that collects information and data is implemented, directly connected to the central identification server (Identity Register) and country central Bank of the Government. EBISBANK (eBank International Solution) is the artificial interface solution between identification data collection (ID, Health, Insurance etc.), operational tracking, market research, orientation, control, security.
The risk is to waste time and do not raise all funds needed for this project developing, completely in line with the new vision of the world, moving very fast to the next generation technology in term of data protection, wealth, banking, financial, health and security.
We are glad to introduce to you EBIS (Ethic Biometrics Intelligence System). The Project EBISBANK  aim to become the next generation banking platform on which the global system  that collects information and data is implemented, directly connected to the central identification server (Identity Register) and country central Bank of the Government. EBISBANK (eBank International Solution) is the artificial interface solution between identification data collection (ID, Health, Insurance etc.), operational tracking, market research, orientation, control, security.
We have studied the bank system, we saw AI and FINTECH direction is going, we studied people needs asking them about their view point about banks, we saw and we lived in our skin what does it means banking compliance and be treated like a number. This system help everyone to be part of a bank, from the bottom till the top, and use this system highly protected because tailored at individual size. This is the next generation id banking system. 
Try to think what does it means be owner of a bank? this is the message. Now if i know no one aside me can have access to my bank aside me, by our project where you can control all your life, included health, businesses, government applications and loyalty program, invest in your own bank, that's only a small scenario of what you can do with this new system. 
We did not understand all, what we can do is only accept suggestion to increase and add more key details to this system. WHAT WE REALLY UNDERSTOOD IS TO GIVE TO THE USER ALL IN ONE PLACE BANKING SYSTEM, BASED ON an Artificial Intelligence features interact with the user and all users are part of big ID banking community keeping safe their privacy. With EBISBANK SYSTEM All banks can saving al most 50% of time and money in compliance, so we can sell this project to a bank, or we can partner with a bank, or we can open a next generation id banking system. 
All Government and its institution ID and health can be interested, for global safe monitoring, reducing registration time and ID facilities delivering. Profit will come in case we develop the next generation banking, from all transaction, trading, institution registration and renewal, user contacts, peer to peer, B2B, crypto exchange, and more and more. 
We have can Provide this system idea to the country Central Bank, where user are the current clients with a bank account.
Introduce to any Government that can drive this system involving Central Banks and every single citizen can be a user for ID, BUSINESS SET UP, HEALTH, CONTROL, AND INSURANCE. NEXT GENERATION ID BANKING A.I. COMPLIANCE SYSTEM, with the high supervision of professional and skilled operators, high individually secure access and operative authorization, and most important dedicated crypto currency and features that give them the power to be bank owner.

WE ARE WILLING TO PROVIDE EXECUTIVE SUMMARY PROJECT AFTER THE SIGNATURE OF NCNDA AND IP RIGHTS PROTECTION AGREEMENT.

